Head of the Donetsk People's Republic
Alexander Zakharchenko issued a decree according to
which all non-persons
employees of power structures and are obliged
before April 4, surrender weapons against those
who will refuse to obey will
disarmed by
conducting special operations and
criminal prosecution
b2 unit commander which
falls under this decree considers the decision
the authorities true to themselves decisions prime it
show the force of power is here
really out of power they are so
terrorists as it says cues war
moves unfortunately to a new phase and
the militia will no longer be able to
group driven minutes like this
it used to be enough
resistance i'm glad that's all
happens
state is strengthened by the fact that power
must act decisively and sometimes
other fighters besides
military threat from the Ukrainian
army last year in the day and lnr
a lot of criminals appeared
posing as militias during
wars appear
who prey on war i mean those
same mara beat the same thug who
engaged in spinning who are engaged
so that
kidnaps others for ransom single point
away and other evil spirits
accordingly in order to combat this
my opinion this decree was vista
according to the militias themselves, those who fight
in the Donbas for the idea
they are from mercenary motives calmly
will be part of the armed forces or
voluntarily lay down arms this decree as
no time for now we have
a short respite now give truce
he needs to be engaged
by device
I think that people who are fighting for the idea
they will accept this decree and join the organs
absolutely decree
is a kind of test for
young republics is it possible
really consider state where
authorities are able to control
situation or still far from at least
relative stability about it we
We will know very soon before April 4
few days remain Andrei Afanasyev
TV channel Tsargrad